# Final-Project
 My final project for Drawing on the Web

 For my final project, I will put together a personal portfolio website. I've been producing thesis films since sophomore year and have a lot to show for my experience in the Tisch undergraduate film program. As a whole, the site will be sleek and minimalistic. It will have a home "personality" page that introduces me as a freelance line producer and maybe a beginning website designer too. Another page will feature a horizontally-scrollable gallery of film stills with buttons that expand (display) project info and that transition smoothly on click and hover. The gallery will be made of narrow(ish) panels. I would like to give it a draggable cursor. I would also like to allow the gallery to slide horizontally as the viewer vertically scrolls. Another page will feature miscellaneous design/technology projects that I have made between my Web Development minor, independent film pitchdecks, and internship work. These samples will serve to show my creative side, and the page will reflect that. I imagine it will look more like a brutalist collage than a sleek gallery. To connect the pages aesthetically, I plan to create an SVG line grid that will background the home/"personality" page, and then I will isolate a few of the lines to extend onto pages 2 (sleek film gallery) and 3 (misc design/tech collage). As the viewer navigates between pages, the content of page 1 and 2 (each spanning 100vw x 100vh) will slide as if it's connected onto the grid behind it.
